            |------------------------------------|
            |                                    |
  ------->->|            DZ Interview            |<-<-------
            |                                    |
            |------------------------------------|

By Kopaka [cEp] 30/10-2002


..::Fisrt what do you think about team cEp and there activities ?::..
I remember i visited your site sometime before, it's pritty cool design. I don't know that much about
the team, except that it is quite new one. Hope you well do well in the future. :)

..::Have you visited Dragstrup Elasto Mania site(www.dragstrup.tk), if so what do you think about it ?::..
Yeah I've visited there and i like concider it as pritty cool one, alot of stuff and good news, and it's
updated quite often. Not too many ppl who updates almost daily his site anymore, it's always nice to see
sites which do that and it's the best way to keep ppl visiting their page, as reading news about elma scene
is very interesting.

..::Tell something about yourself, your name, where you live, what you do when you not play elma etc.::..
My real name is Miika Koskinen and I live in southern part of Finland, Helsinki, which is the capital city, 
as you should know. :) I just finished my highschool studies and did graduate from there. Next step is propably 
start studies which should get me as engiiner on some beautiful day. As "sports" i play floorball, go gym, and
some other various stuff now & then.

..::Now it WCup times, how much will you play that, and do you think you can win anything in it ?::..
I really wished wcup would have started a month or two earlier so that i could take part in every event, but now
i most likely have to skip some of them at the end, becuz im going to army. that sucks. i really would have wanted
to fight for the victory. So now my concentration mainly goes to events i enjoy, and i try to do well on those.
I REALLY would have liked to win #07 as it was headbanger stylish, one of my favourite form of level, but that darn
russian super extraordinary guy darmoed came and took the victory from me. :)


..::What will you be playing except for Wcup doing the last time of the year ?::..
Except wcup, I dont really play much elma, but I follow the scene actively. The reason why i dont play much 
at the moment is NOT that i have lost my interest on elma, i still love it, it's just simply becuz i need to go to
army and stay there possibly 12 months, and i know the scene will change alot during that time, styles and everything,
so i dont feel it would be worht it, styles are different anyway when i "return". Before it starts, expect wcup and
possibly some little external contests around the internet.


..::You say on your site that you will be leaving to military service, how long will that least ?::..
yupp, it starts on january 2003 and will last hopefully 6 months. It can, though, last as long as 12 months. 
They will tell the time to you after they have "examined" you, which is after few weeks from beginning.


..::Will you be playing afterwards ? If yes what will you play then::..
I am SURE I will get back to elma höyling business when i come back, and propably play some of the internals, 
hopefully new ones, if a miracle happens and something happens from balazs' side. pritty much same stuff
ive been doing to this point.


..::About DarmoeD, do you think you ever will get a better TT than him again ?::..
If he keeps up he same pace, I'm quite sure i wont ever get better tt than him. The main reason is simply
the lack of motivation, I was nr.1 for long time and broke 39min limit. I don't really have much to achieve 
for myself anymore in the same concept. I really hope new version will come some day, would be so much to 
things to achieve..


..::Do you think ANYONE will EVER get a better TT than him in Elasto Mania version 1.X ?::..
At the moment, only guy who could beat him is Toringe. dmd's success has definietly left toringe's success
alot less noticed.. :\ but im sure the fight will go on!


..::Do you think he will get under 39mins, if so how long under ?::..
With current speed, I think he will be under limit in one or two months.. or then not. difficult to say.


..::You have your own Elma site, what is yout goal with that one ?::..
Yeah, I've had it now almost 1.5 years (http://dzsite.cjb.net). i dont really have any goals with it,
i just mainly write general stuff on news and try to make new cool levels for the contest, vicious-Z, which is 
being held there. There are much more stuff too, and more are to come.


..::You have also been making some quite good levels, have you itentions about making some more ?::..
Thank you. :) more levels, yeah definietly, it's been quiet lately though, im working on a new level at 
the moment btw.


 
..::GuyB have made a fansite of you, what do you think about that ?::..
It's a damn honour to have a fansite, really! Something I never excepted to happen. :) Once again THANK YOU
guyb/rigger, it's awesome. :)


..::How much time do you use on elma ?::..
Generally, if i have something to achieve, might vary from hour to a few. If i get on mood, i can play as long
as i really need to stop, but i guess thats normal among every höylä out there. :) On the other hand, if i don't
have anything i feel happy to achieve, i can be very inactive what comes to playing..


..::What is your greatest achievement so far in elma ?::..
I dont remember what i typed on kuski of month interview, but now i feel it is getting to nr.1 on total time list,
and getting first under 40 mins.


..::What do you think is the greatest achievement ever by any kuski ?::..
Good question... i really cannot say much on this one.. pajen's domination on total time list seemed pritty unbeatable
back then, i really admired it, and thought i could never catch him..


..::What have you being playing of things this year ?::..
What have I been playing this year? Mainly internals, and wcup for now. Oh yeh, and lost internals, when the came out.


..::Do you think you are on the top of your carrer now, was you some time ago, or will it be in the future ?::..
I think, as greed and motivation, i was at my shiniest perioid so far like last winter, but i dont think i've gotten worse
as skills, so difficult to say..


..::Who are your best elma freinds ?::..
REM members with no exceptions, they are great. Besides them, there are quite a number of players ive getting to know to, 
and most of them are very nice. Elma scene wouldn't be like what it is if there would only be jerks fooling around, good that 
it's not at all like that.


..::Who do you think is the best kuski ever ?::..
As ever, i can only say kuskis who have been around at the same time i've been. Hard to say. first which comes to my mind is 
pajen, he was great, and he was one of my biggest idols as great tt warrior and style inventor.


..::Do you know any rumour in the elma scene you want to share, please tell::..
hmmmmm :) Not really any significant i guess.. oh ye, my sources tells me balazs will be telling us something VERY interesting
on the interview his about to give us soon......


..::What is the best elma website(s) in your opinium(Not Moposite)::..
Lately i've been checking acrossdk site very often, it's nice to follow sites which are updated regulary,
and guyb writes much news as well.. just great.


..::Last thank you for your time, if there some thing else you want to share with us, please tell::..
Keep up the good work ppl whatever your doing! As to modify abit the most famous quote on hardcore/gabber scene, the music i love,
i just want to say "elma will never die!!!"


